In this tutorial I'm going to explain how to collaboratively create spreadsheets and calculations on the TeamBox using the app 'Spreadsheet'...
New spreadsheets can be created in this overview.
Here you can also select from a list of already existing spreadsheets and then edit the chosen one.
I have already prepared a spreadsheet for this tutorial.
As you can see, this app's functions are very similar to Microsoft Office Excel. In this tutorial I'm going to explain only the main functions of this app...
You can edit table cells by clicking on them. Then you directly enter text or you can use the text bar on top of the table.
The cell's value can be edited by using the buttons that you can see on top of the table:
You can automatically add all value of numbers in a row by clicking the sum bummon.
The table may also contain links an multi-line text.
In Addition, you can insert more complicated functions: These formulars are sorted by category.
When you can click on a function, is shows a short trext explaining the function and it's formatted contents.
While writing it displays you which parameters are expected.
If you want to declare specific tables cells as the fucntion's parameters, you can mark these cells after indertng the formula. You can also directly give the fild's coords in the function.
Keep in mind to insert the closing bracket to terminate the function's parameter list.
The menubar on top of the page gives you the chance to revert actions, copy and paste text or delete cells.
In addition, you can close cells for further editing.
Lines or rows can be automatically can be filled with the value of a specific cell.
There is the possibility to move the cell's content.
When hovering over the blue dot of a marked cell, you can also fill or move cells that way.
Not alone text can be formatted, tha tables view can be modified, too:
You can add cell borders or you can highlight cells.
In addition you can outline multiple cells
and of course, you can add, delete or hide rows and lines.
If you're searching for a specific value, you can use the search bar which hightlights the search result in the table..
When naviating through the tabs bar, you can edit and format the table
as well as sort rows/its contents.
In addition all steps during work can be displayed.
You can also add a comment or name for a specific cell.
Navigating to the next tab, you can see the last copied text.
Furthermore, you can view the table in a formatted way.
Graphs with values from the table can be generated, too. You have to mark the cells you want to include at first.
Then you can chosse between different graph types.
The graph automatically updates on changes in the table.
Of course, you can download and save your collcaboratively created spradsheets in different file formats.
If you're still looking for help with other apps on the TeamBox you can find other tutorials here...
Have fun working with your group on the TeamBox!